We are in a cabin in the woods. There is a river stream flowing by. You can hear the sound of water flowing. It feels soothing, consistent and calming. The sound of the rain makes you feel cozy and the sudden thundering at times reminds you that are alive. That becomes the background music to this scene, along with the sound of AC, sound of dehumidifier, the sound of fridge making very loud sounds and the occasional tip tap of a water droplet from the sink faucet. Sounds that feels like home.

A dim yellow light over the dinner table, positioned midway between the kitchen on one side of the studio and the bed on the opposite side. There is a yoga mat on the floor, a pink one, half rolled, half spread out. Under that light, I am typing something on the laptop, taking some breaks in between to sip my sleepytea, placed in a cup on my left side, and ravioli pasta for dinner on my right. Besides the tea and pasta, there are 6 bananas on the table, 4 medicine packs ( amoxcilina, paracetemol, ibuprofen and levothyroxine), my sunglasses and iPhone 13pro, and chai spices packed in a plastic ziplock bag. You are lying in the arm chair, sitting in a very uncomfortable position as you try to work on your laptop. We can feel each other’s presence, and calmly we are both in each other’s worlds and our own world at the same time. Love lives in that room, and it feels warm, like that dimly lit yellow light in the cabin in the woods, where two strangers have chosen to call each other their home, no matter for how long. There is magic in that room.

There is chai boiling on the stove.