did the pain push you to healing your wounds or maybe you went all in for your dreams. to have your own business. to be someone. to be someone.

constant desire to merge all of who you are in one. while some may find peace eventually in keeping it separate ( in silo ), most of us crave self-actualization. this is the becoming, 

reclaim linkedin, reclaim corporate ( at its own time ). your past desires and curiosities about technology was also a part of you. don't discard that curiosity as less worth it. all parts of you deserve to be equally listened. and you loved building things, building products, leading teams, organizing bootcamps, startup weekends (read: [[We need more conscious creators]]). 
everyone needs to know this thing about running businesses, for humans, by humans. 
*question to self: why should they listen to me? how do i know this is true for everyone, not just me* 

ask why? first time when i did shrooms, the experience helps me question my thoughts that were overwhelming me and causing me lots of anxiety. 
but when i let myself rest, i do this subconsiously, when I am calm mostly. This switch to sit with thoughts rather than reacting impulsively turns off when i am experiencing very high or very low emotions. Only when the emotions pass and run its due course, and i return to calm or neutral state, this switch turns back on as i let myself be bored, relax and just let my mind wander. 

let your curiosity take the lead. trust your curiosity exists there for a reason. it is alive in you for a reason.

be solution oriented. when problem arises, if its causing an emotional reaction, feel the emotion and let it pass on its own. without trying to alte rits tone or intensity. when it has passed and you are back to a calm state, process the thought behind the trigger. 

you have to trust yourself to make the right decision and go ahead with it. and when you can't decide which path to take, collect more information about what will help you decide it better. or sometimes, let your creativity take the lead. make space for your curiosity. 



how do you know which is the right place for you to settle in, to finally call it home. you make a choice and decide to call a place a home. you cna see yourself living there and co-creating life together. you accept it's flaws, but also understand the potential for growth. you accept it for what the place is as of today. you make a conscious decision to call it home.  knowing it will take some work on your part too, to understand this new home better to adjust to it slowly and live a life together. 

Deactivated my instagram account of over 150k followers. Should I start from scratch? Would that be the right choice? Will it help me build self-trust. And cultivate resilience so I can handle difficult situations in future.  

yes, there would be people who would copy your idea or act in bad faith, but there'll also be people who will be inspired and it will change something in their lives. It is worth a try, no?

Want to reduce screen time? Go analog when in flow and when the systems are setup, go digital intentionally. Plant the seeds for a life that you want to live. Water it daily. And make sure you get enough sunlight in a day. As while the seeds are sprouting, put on[ Kizomba beats](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/37i9dQZF1DX1l6qs3gcM4U?si=f9bc392958d847b4) and let your hips sway while you are typing that note on your laptop. Or hit [move your spine](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/237JXEMYWRibmAWyCRiXQw?si=4d9fd6a4737f4f20) playlist to satisfy your movement cravings, as you experiment with your cooking skills.

Remove the weeds that may grow along the way - be aware when you pick up the phone and open gmail app for the 10th time in the last hour or scroll through the instagram feed as a reaction to boredom. Protect your ability to be bored and letting your mind wander around aimlessly. Protect this part of you. Tend to the buds of your creativity with care. 

Some seeds will sprout quickly, while others will remain dormant until the time is right.  Some ideas need to marinate ([you should atleast marinate chicken for 2 hours for chicken biryani](https://www.reddit.com/r/IndianFood/comments/qm5kus/how_long_should_i_marinate/)). 

You must [[believe in the abundance of your creativity]], trusting that there is enough space and time for all your ideas to grow. And don't forget your daily practice—intentionally build a routine to water the seeds, to help them grow. But make sure to not over water. Too much water, and it can drown; too little, and it may wither.

Allow space for your seeds to breathe, to stretch, to reach toward the light. Trust the process, even when progress feels slow. Each small action is a step toward blooming, and as you nurture these seeds, the abundance of your creativity will unfold in ways you couldn’t have imagined.

My process as of today: write those mini-thought bites on sticky note as they arrive. Don't try to make sense of the words pouring out of you. All those words, all those ideas, mini-thought bites, they all deserve your love. We will sit with the parts of us that shared those thoughts a bit later. For now, jot it down on the paper. And later transfer the notes to your digital setup. As you are typing it out, if additional thoughts appear. Let it take charge and guide your writing.

