---
draft: false
tags:
---

  

Shops very similar to all the places I have been to reminding me of the south of Korea suck and if I ever was in Bali, I’m assuming this is what it would look like

The clothes hugging tightly to the mannequin makes you almost wonder if I do end up buying them would I would my butt look like the one would it make my butt look as Kirby and pokey as that was a woman the beauty is in the eyes of beholder remind myself, the beauty is all in me and I’m fucking gorgeous as I make my way to the stationary store clouded with teenagers, which is fairly empty has 2 to 3 of it oh my God this is not. as if the men on the street do not wrecking their beer. Do not are you from top to bottom no matter what you’re wearing already enough so I changed the question it made me feel good. I miss the place where I was before I had a chai outside and now the HI is half an hour walk away, so fuck me for wanting to have a place of my own not calculating that this place needs transit first glance I do not like it and I just need to be high to start liking this place, like all the men I have forcefully made myself fall in love with

  

Why are there a Dreamcatcher stores in almost all the towns that are gentrified sounds weird

  

Is this it is this view that people mean it’s not bad it’s beautiful, but I’m sure there’s more than this doesn’t excite me anymore just like all the shops that view feels almost exactly the same of the other places if not just for the different people that you say Resilience standard people in Peru, but the expert in their all of the same maybe I can wait until my Uber comes. Can I beg my Uber to wait until I do my grocery? I wonder if it works that way if I pay him extra that work not different than all the other followers need help just a girl with moneyasking for help. Take a picture of this.

  

It’s a nice place to come read and write wish I had gotten a place now actually I’m happy five weeks from here to do this day. It’s a nice place better than the café. I went to this morning. 

  

The girl infront of me had her whole body covered in tattoos, in a way that makes you wonder if that is a patterned shirt she was wearing or it’s her skin. I always wonder what makes one get certain tattoos. Especially where they decide to ink their whole limb, in this case, her entire arm. That it distinctively stands out from the rest of her body. 

  

I don’t give me things that drown me in pleasure while doing grocery shopping seen Asuka same same Asuka same same that fuck it give me all of it for once