---
tags:
  - seeds
draft: false
---
The burial of the sadness- first part of carnaval


They still More in the market who want jobs unless you’re building something or something, but I feel that’s not just in. That’s not Kashmir. It is a lot in a lot of countries. I feel most a lot in a lot of these places people. It’s much easier to make money to do something of your own then to work for someone else I mean also, I think Yeah people work multiple jobs because they can’t. It’s just happening all over the world like even like with this whole digital nomad thing, you know people like me who leave the life they have in Canada we gain privilege we we had to work for this privilege, but a lot of people already have this privilege you know Canadian passport Anywhere they have these digital digital remote jobs and then they take the money from US Canada, and then they go to places like Lisbon or Florida or Columbia where money goes along way so you know that something Kashmir is going to become that place for a lot of people maybe because it’s becoming her to the place like There’s just money and tourism and yeah, even my parents have started like they’ve also they got bored and they have started putting a zoom on Airbnb and started it and oh my God how did you do it? Also I think for mom and dad it’s good because they’re getting to socialize sometimes and meet people especially for more because she’s always at home so I think she’s finding some purpose in that way he did so many things never understand what he’s up to lately with Dubai is Kashmir and just like now he was planning to go somewhere and now he’s not so but he’s now trying to. I think focus more let me just try to stay in Kashmir. It’s always been in conflict yoga maybe Jaga and all the sisters are outside who would stay with mom and dad And he is in love with and he loves Kashmir. He loves the mountains he he and his girlfriend they don’t really see. They see themselves living there forever and I feel like they go very differently than us. I mean, I travelled a bit when I was in Kashmir with Zeeshan and his girlfriend and I just really got to experience it from such a different point of you you know the same way you experience any other place. It was for the first time I could see Kashmir as something I would enjoy being in it. It is so beautiful that has so many beautiful mountain ranges and it has everything that it is like another aspect, which is the culture. Are you going back anytime soon miss mom and dad it’s been since I started travelling that I haven’t seen them and then I wanna see Miss Didi as well. She had so much she had got she had so much time. Do I say she didn’t get a job for so long because she had a tiff she has a different way of doing things and the job she was getting with not what she wanted to do. She wanted something where her creativity creativity would be used so she was either underqualified so overqualified for all the job she was applying for finally after so long, she got this job that she actually wanted.

  

I haven’t checked Weather in so long but I can tell you it’s 30° almost 30° cold here. It’s it’s it’s an island so it does get cold but it’s it’s the summer there right now. I think that’s also why I came here because I have no winter stuff and if I leave, I have no intention of going back to winter . I didn’t know where to go. I just really use this. I decided I would always just book one-way tickets and I would follow away with the sun is that I don’t have any. I only travel with a small backpack. I have to be defective. What about you? I plan to go. Are you getting married? Any time? Are you getting married? I feel like I was there in a few weeks so cute she’s so cute. I can’t even tell she she’s the best human being ever. I haven’t gotten my passport yet. When will you get your passport but I still didn’t get it so then I withdrew that application and started it over with express entry and within a month, yeah Went home last year Edmonton Edmonton Rahila. I’ll tell you this when you get your passport. Life would get so much easier I can’t. I can’t tell you I can’t tell you the first flight you will take and you will pass to the visa as if it’s like nothing. You will just scan your passport your whole life you would be like have I been living alive? I am telling you life would just the privilege that it gives you. It’s so good to have it finally to be on the same level as everyone and we not fully know we still have some but still it’s a big thing. How is she already like walking in standing The way she talks do you not wanna have kids? I don’t think that would be good but I get annoyed so easily and I don’t have patience. I can’t commit. She’s so cute. Like I love her. She talks like a cute almost every day and it’s like all five of us sometimes or four of us depending on who’s awake but then she like she always looks for someone. She’s gotten used to the fact that they’re all going to be With me. It’s so nice you know having five of you and then suddenly you have like buddy in TV I’m like waiting for my sister to give me something. It seems like it’s your own kid in some ways I feel. I am saying who worked in industry. She told me I asked her the same question and she said that sometimes you know this also created a whole new industry for people to earn money so they are like photographers. They are like so many people who depend on these big lavish weddings to sustain themselves, so yeah so I think I just maybe my perspective at that point change like if someone is has money to do it they should but if someone has that, and if you have money, you’re going to help a lot of people feed their families. I think I would be the same. I would want to just have something small with just sisters and close friends and family that’s it just doesn’t make any sense. Well I was planning to get my lead with. He came to Kashmir for that reason. Dad like everything was kind of dumb and then I booked the flights for mom and dad‘s visa and then their flight to Istanbul in end of August and got their visa and everything and the plan was that we would go to Turkey and just to meet their parents and just do like signing thing and then dad would do it his own whatever he wanted to do he was like don’t you let me do it and that’s why I think it was also a break up even though it was more like mutual it was still it hurt a lot, but since I was worked with and try to understand where my motivation came, I even wanted to marry in the first place was happy with him you know like a lot of things that I realized I wouldn’t have worked on myself if that happened six years each other the whole time I’ve been in Canada I’ve known him like I saw him we met on the first day of university and Issues because I still had issues and he had his own family issues and we just had things that you know, we would be very happy together we had. I was thinking we have a lot of good memories of course a whole life we built together, same as you know, but they were also moments where it was really hard to communicate, and I think we tried so much to communicate, but it didn’t help that his sister also came and lived with us for sometime because his sister was not the best of the person moved to Canada so she was there for quite a few years. She stayed at the place after first year in Toronto. He decided to buy a home his parents decided to so I was we were like splitting the 10 bills and everything but then we had an extra room in there. Of course sister came to study so she stayed in that room Yeah I kind of know. I just kind of. I don’t know sometimes I don’t know if that was the reason, but it did it didn’t help our cause we had issues. We had communication issues. I was super anxious. He was super avoidant, but even you know we were just kind of complementing each other‘s opposite reactions and symptoms and so I think that was one of the reason that we knew we both were kind of not happy with our own lives and that was destroying our relationship. I thought I blamed my job. I blamed everything else, but it was like I had to heal Myself so yeah, the thing became very well and I think that was the final thing where both of us like is this it is this what we want for lives and the distance helped us because finally we were away from each other for after so long that we realize we were much it was taking a lot of effort to work on our relationship then to let it go he hasn’t even dated. I’m pretty sure he is just working because he has one of his biggest thing was he can instead of putting the energy into the relationship. He can just build his business and work on his job work on it like he really wants to be successful. I’m pretty sure he is just doing that just like overworking himself and working on himself like you know like healing himself, but I’m sure he hasn’t really reflected and process the loss of relationship because he has blocked me since then and I’m still blocked. I haven’t talk to him ever since like I did go to Toronto once and he was at the home but he didn’t talk to me because I was packing up my stuff because my stuff was still there so I left it in his garage and I told him if he wanted to talk because it’s been so long after the break up I was like no It’s I think that was the hardest part not just losing someone losing a relationship with losing a best friend losing I live my whole life like you know since Canad suddenly that person is alive, but he’s not in your life anymore. You don’t have your person to talk to. Yeah it was very hard but given that I have gotten over it and gotten over so many other things now I know that it’s hard but it’s not possible. It just sucks when things like that happen. No, it’s OK. I also lost. He was an amazing person. We both lost. We were not the best version of ourselves and we couldn’t we couldn’t bring out the best version of each other We think we were also exhaust was getting very needed to kind of push ourselves but not together separately it’s hard because I am. I was the kind of person who would think that there’s one person for me forever and with him I thought I found my person and then it was so hard to come to the realization that one person doesn’t exist you know what I fell for him was still real and I did. I would feel the same for someone else again and maybe someday I would feel like being with someone else again But working through that and just understanding the reality of life was just like you better follow your emotions put together so quickly. I am learning like I’ve been reflecting on what I could have done better in my relationship, but I’m learning is that there is some aspect of the other partner learning to manage your emotion but they’re not responsible for your emotion so at the end of the day, I have to learn how to manage my own emotion have to get through it have to come out of it and react some state of calm and respect for each other. That’s something I feel like I could have done differently in my relationship because I did exactly like the moments where Intense emotion would come up for me like this despair this feeling like I am lost feeling like I’m going to be abandoned again whenever that would happen I would just ask some such scarcity like such this place of fair like wanting to I don’t know doing everything that the opposite of what I would actually want to do sometimes, and I realize that it was on me to learn how to of course he would trigger me because he was the reason I was feeling that but that’s normal. Two different people can trigger each other but you know it’s not how I respond to his trigger was more on me and I had to like manage it better and I didn’t. That’s what kind of caused the death of the relationship eventually for me Was kind of he wasn’t from India. You know he wasn’t from that culture so for him this is not the idea of love we have grown up our parents fight with each other and then make it like this is so abnormal. Why do you think the vision of love? Is you fight you get back together and you get you just put the issues under the lock, so he really wanted to fix the problems before he could. That’s what whole issue was also, he couldn’t decide to come and get married And I think I’m grateful for him thinking like that because what the fuck was up with me too, to think that instigating a fight with someone is loud and you know, I would want him to like I don’t know at least they didn’t fight in front of the kids or you know it’s just they had to they had other issues which is why he what he needed to work on and hopefully he has worked on But at least this wasn’t so for them for him. It is like what the fuck are you? What do you think? Why do you think this is a good idea for the relationship and this will be a successful marriage I just I didn’t realize it then as long as if we really wanted to work on our relationship and we had the energy. I don’t know. Don’t let it pass by you. If it’s something you truly value, you know it needs some tending and care I know just keep what keep watering. Keep going. Keep cutting you cut anything that’s a.

  

In the past year and I have tried to reach out to him through email and ask him like I know it’s been one and a half year. Do you want to talk but now I feel he needs to kind of realize that on his own if he wants to talk, but it’s the sad except except there was a point in my journey where I had to accept that the future I imagined with him is not the future I’m going to have and I’m going to have to create my own future Without him in it, and that was probably a really really hard thing to do really hard you know like the way to get to that point to accept that that’s that’s not him. It’s so hard because it’s almost like he died like almost like it would have been better if he had died because then I would move on knowing that he has died, but this is this is hard because he will now have a totally different life than me. I will have a totally different life than him, and I will always have so much love for him, but Not to be in the form of the relationship. I hope we can be friends someday I don’t know maybe just well wishes after while you do here, especially if you had a such a long relationship you you you don’t just you’re not just boys and girlfriend who have lived who have been you know it’s not the same as all relationships we have you have lived. You have build a life together. It’s so it’s very different and I feel the best. Best outcome I can hope for is that someday we can just be respectful and kind towards each other. It’s almost like if you decide to stop talking to one of your sisters one day almost like that, you know it’s like still. Something happens and one of those people just shut down she’ll say nothing her social life completely. Now she’s an adult now that’s not a way to behave mental health issues. I also had mental health issues like when I went to the doctor just before I had unofficial diagnosis of borderline personality, which is not very my mom has always been like that to us. You know you know, intense love, and then intense like hatred like sudden shifting, that is the personality I adopted and that’s the person I was in my relationship too, but after you know, getting to know about the diagnosis and actually working through the issues that I had it was actually now I can the same thing can happen to me and I would react so differently It’s it’s really good too. You know I don’t ask no one so she talks the way she walk you can see that she has no fear of anything. She is just loud and that’s all she knows. That’s a girl Bollywood songs like Bollywood songs playing in the background and dancing my childhood. A mixed bag didn’t have any good relationship with our father who was always busy like so different than what she gets and it’s because parents have learned from their experience so they’re trying to make a lot of trouble Kashmir. I am so happy I didn’t become a mom before that all of this because I would I don’t know I think of course I would have done better. I know better and I would’ve done better now, but I was still being so harmful in our relationship. I don’t know if how I don’t know. Maybe I would have gotten better who knows but I would’ve probably traumatized another baby Not as long as we keep being opposite of each other as long as we keep on triggering each other that would always be there. You know it seems like even for mom and dad. They had so much loud my mom and dad. They got a long mileage and things just like the family the whole she also need things we know beta and then keep on trying, and then Mujhe, and then it just keeps on welding up, and there was at some point there was no love in their relationship, and I don’t want a life like that too. I don’t want to just get used to the companionship of someone I want to experience, pure love and pure joy and you know if it’s not the right one. I don’t know it we had to everyone to have kids that should be, but she did cheat on me heal in some ways she wasn’t talking to anyone and Asma like a month

  

Belfast Belfast Belfast no they living their own life so nice to have sisters we eat sometimes feels we are all the same people just living in different bodies and doing something different like five different timelines very different sometimes but so beautiful really value my relationship with them do you have a wonderful day if Kashmir and Khalid pico if Kashmir was maybe not as Conflicted region if he gave up more stable we would probably just I mean you know that has its own sources and cons, but we would probably all be together living just relax just like last time I was actually working from there wasn’t as good but the best time that I have with my parents if someone is there, I don’t mind living there. I would live there like everything was different. That’s the realization I had last year when I went to Kashmir for two months and just lived there for after so long and I was like this place has everything if only things were different this this is such a Trash so much because I don’t know if you have been there, but it has become such a tourism state, you know everything Kashmir, which is good because the at least we get tourism economy it’s just places that are filled with garbage. It’s like the whole city it’s it’s everywhere you look there’s trash. I look to the street and I think I visited like Bhaiya‘s husband. He lives in Bazar so normally we don’t go to that side right there because I would visit your house. I haven’t been on the road everywhere but building was so annoyed and I had to go twice two hours from my house to their house wow there was so much traffic because the roads are so bad and congested but OK let me tell you something Canad I would think the same but since travelling in South America that just feels like It’s Canad you know I’m more organized and everything is neat and clean, but it is like trash, not all the places no not trash like that but for example, I remember in one place in Peru there was a place which was so beautiful like the lake, but it smells so bad and then I really was like the leg I don’t know if people save their trash in the lake or something, but it was very. I have a picture as well where I am like there’s a sunrise behind me and I’m putting my hand on my nose like this that reminded me of its own house. South America is good to visit. South America is a lot more Southeast Asia but Europe is obviously different Canada North America. They’re all very you know they are best on countries but if you go to countries like Thailand, Vietnam, I haven’t been, but I’m pretty sure that’s the same like India and then even South America.

  

  

That I was having no time it was behind what is in your hand right now the way you’re living in Calgary like how do you feel like continuing to just stay there? I’m outside somewhere. It’s so nice here and it has been nice with like Nema too if they were here too, but I can’t bring them. It’s not going to happen. It was sad. I think for both of us. The weird thing is Canad is so far away. I don’t know I mean, I’m I’m grateful for everything Canad has done for me but still it is really far so I guess you know it’s for me. The reason why I’m OK why I was OK with leaving Canad it so it’s purpose for me I also wanted to really get that freedom to travel freedom to just be free And the relationship ending was also another reason, but yeah, kind of served that purpose in this phase of my life I don’t see any reason for myself to go like there’s nothing waiting for me their job you can find a job anywhere you of course, have a small backpack and a passport with me. Every single thing is still at in Ozan‘s garage that I need to figure out what to do with it Especially with Pak up in his home too, but I don’t I mean, I wish I had this for your house or something or something you’re not paying travel travel that was my plan when I start travelling to Europe, but I wish I had. I still had some job time zones Company that’s why I was talking to this girl because a lot of my colleagues in that time we have some Brazil at least to take us sabbatical or something and the value. It turned out to be a good investment. I can do the mortgage by myself if you need a break, just do it. I don’t wanna put that kind of pressure on him. That’s really nice that he’s off that weekend deadline, so annoyed and then over the weekend we had yardwork so I was mostly annoyed that I wasn’t getting my weekend breaks and I had to work on the yard but he tells me that if I need a break, I can just do that Right now. Work is fine. A couple hours Office office 15 minutes. 15 minutes 10 minutes to the office at least 100 times thank you so much so you well that’s the good thing about remote job then you can just somehow figure out a way to maybe it’s not that you need more time to this. Maybe you need something to get excited about maybe you’re not excited about anything as you used to be about something. I don’t know just thinking about travel. I don’t like to drive two hours three hours. I feel like I’m just dead. You got to figure out a solution in Calgary itself doesn’t help. I’ll tell you this winter doesn’t help. Those are lazy, global warming sponsored by global warming, and the whole genocide happening. The whole summer break was it because you wanted to do it or not I kind of miss the society so much construction material oh my God wow sometimes you miss the lab you get in for cheap in India. All the stuff became physically last year. You should let him do it on his own. I need to visit you guys someday be so nice to see and I feel like I’m this how you are as a girlfriend because you know you have known each other for so long but we were both kids and you had like baby the lady you know whatever a relationship And now we’re all adults melting we’re going to go biking yeah I also have to get ready for my dinner, but it was so nice to talk to you in summer in summer in winter in winter. I need to. I need to figure out how to make money then I can travel.